---
title: How to read Star Sailors
image: /assets/img/blog/Earthlings.png
categories: [hydejack, releases,]
description: >
  Star Sailors is a sci-fi adventure story/novella that I’m writing on behalf of ACORD. It’s loosely based off of the popular Star Wars movie series which revolutionized American pop culture throughout the 1970s and 80s and through to today (you may have heard of it).
---

The first story in the series is called Star Sailors: Earthlings and explores the journey of the only surviving group of humans in the near future as they are captured and fight against the supreme source of evil in the universe (yes, it’s a cliche. No, we don’t care).

There is also a series of games (part of Stellarios funnily enough) that will be based on Star Sailors. One of these games is an extensive RPG that puts you into the Star Sailors Universe. Another one of these games is called “Infiniraid” and is based on the popular ball game that is seen throughout “Earthlings”.
How to read Star Sailors

ACORD members should go to the ACORD Portal to read the members-only version and play the beta version of the RPG.

By going to the Stellarios Site, you are free to read the public version of Star Sailors. The site is optimized for both mobile and desktop devices.

The story is also being written on Wattpad, under the username OpusTheRobot. I’d recommend reading it on Wattpad as you can comment and bookmark it, however by reading it on the Stellarios Site you can also view the drafts and more cool stuff by ACORD!
An Excerpt — the Prologue

It had been a long time coming, however Opus Si’dium had finally convinced the rest of his crew to turn the ships around. After years of travelling, his crew had finally realised that Earth longed for them to return and that they longed to return to Earth as well.Opus had not become Captain of the Fleet for no reason. Tall, strong and intelligent, he had led the Scavengers throughout dozens of star systems, helping the poor and needy. He was the only person on the crew that had been born on Earth — most of the rest had stepped foot on it but had been born off-world, and some of the scavengers had never even heard of Earth before they ran into Opus. This group of the scavengers were from 55 Cancri e.b. (the first moon of the fourth planet), but in their native tongue it was called Huw Alissa.But it didn’t matter where they had been born, because they were all going home. They had been searching for Earth almost since they had left, but it took a lot of convincing to make them forsake their lives of comfort to go looking for a planet that they barely remembered. But in the end, Opus had won them over, telling them not only stories of Columbus and Neil Armstrong, but also that they needed to make sure that their home planet was safe. He said that they needed to leave it in a better state than it was when it had been given to them, and this was what finally moved them. Using the 2SRD probes (2nd Series Robotic Discovery Probes), they had created a catalogue of 300 planets, each with similar compositions, temperatures, and stellar neighbours to Earth. Over the course of 6 months, they narrowed it down until only one remained. Earth — Earthari Novalis. The planet of jewels.Opus pulled the ship out of hyperspace and the rest of the fleet soon followed. What he saw took his breath away — the pale blue dot. The blue marble. But only for a moment. Then it was all whisked away in a flash of gold, disappearing into a star that had not been there 10 seconds ago. Eventually, Opus’s ship followed.

Originally published on [medium](https://medium.com/acord-corporation/how-to-read-star-sailors-4722d3798dee).

Read and comment on this post on the [ACORD Portal](http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/news)
